 Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol.

HTTP/1.1:

The first usable version of HTTP was developed in 1997. 
The first version of HTTP was called as HTTP/1.1 after several stages of development. 
It is the most standardized protocol because of its legacy.This version is still in use on the web.

Multiplexing:
 HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it.

Server push: 
Typically in HTTP/1.1, a server only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it. However, this approach is not always practical for modern webpages, which often involve several dozen separate resources that the client must request.

Header compression:
Small files load more quickly than large ones. To speed up web performance HTTP/1.1 compress HTTP messages to make them smaller.

HTTP/ 2 :
HTTP/2 was created in 2015.
 We are moving to HTTP/2 because it is comparatively faster ands more efficient than HTTP/1.1.
 One of the ways in which HTTP/2 is faster is in how it prioritizes content during the loading process. 

Multiplexing: 
HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource. HTTP/2 does this by splitting data into binary-code messages and numbering these messages so that the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.

Server push: 
HTTP/2 allows a server to "push" content to a client before the client asks for it. The server also sends a message letting the client know what pushed content to expect. 
Eg:  Sharon had sent daisy a Table of Contents of his novel before sending the whole thing.

Header compression:
HTTP/2 also compress HTTP messages to make them smaller. But HTTP/2 uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets. This eliminates a few bytes from every HTTP packet. It promotes in faster loading.
